[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: So
let's reset back to the case with objects.
And a lot of this is gonna start to
be more self-explanatory now cuz you
already know what to expect because
we've seen it with the arrays,
a lot of the same things
are gonna be true.
We could have done this
as tmp.a and tmp.b,
and tmp.c, okay?
That would have been
the pre ESX equivalent.
Now what we can do is take this function.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
we can do an object destructuring, so
I'm gonna do an object pattern with
curly braces instead of brackets.
And in my object pattern.
I'm going to say,
I want the a property to be targeted to
an a assignment location.
Okay, and I want b to go to b and
I want c to go to c.
>> Kyle Simpson: In the case where
our target and our source are the same.
Meaning, we don't need to do any alias or
renaming.
We do not have to specify them twice.
They can just simply say, ABC.
It will assume that means go
get the property of name a and
assign it to a lock symbol
variable called a, okay.
But if we wanted to for example,
reassigned the b property.
Instead to a variable called capital X.
We now have declared an a variable,
an x variable, and a c variable but
not a b variable.
You with me?
>> Speaker 2: So
the x is actually the target.
>> Kyle Simpson: Correct.
>> Speaker 2: Not the soldiers?
>> Speaker 2: Interesting.
>> Kyle Simpson: The way to remember this,
is that with object literals,
the property name is always on the left.
With object destructuring,
property name's always on the left.
>> Kyle Simpson: These can of course also
have default value assignments.
So the equivalent from over there,
we just add on the equals.
All right, with or without the colon,
we can add on the equals.
>> Kyle Simpson: Same thing applies here
If we return something that was not
an object, could have a failure here.
So our little guard is to put
an empty object to be destructured in
the case where something falsey came back.
>> Kyle Simpson: Of course,
if our pattern doesn't account for
a property.
No big deal.
That property just doesn't
get worried about.
If our pattern accounts for
a property that doesn't exist.
We end up getting a variable
that's just undefined because
we accessed the d
property on an object and
it didn't have one.
>> Kyle Simpson: Question
in the chat is shouldn't X and
b be switched in order?
No.
This is how it works.
Property name is always on the left.
That's the easiest way.
We can get it in nuances of grammar.
And there's ways to twist your
brain into thinking it's backwards.
I have found from my teaching experience
and from my personal dev experience.
The way to keep this
straight in your mind.
Is to think,
whenever I make an object literal,
the object property is always on
the left and then there's a colon.
When I make an object destructuring,
the property names always on the left.
Now property name and
value have or target and source
have different meanings those get flip
semantically between the two contexts.
But the thing that stays the same in the
easiest way to keep this straight in your
brain, proper names always on the left.
>> Speaker 2: That makes sense when you
think about the fact that,
that's you know at least in this case you
have the var there and that's your target.
Because that's why I asked it first,
because I was like well how can you
have ABC on the right hand side
when those aren't like existing
properties and the answer is you don't.
You're creating those.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yup.
>> Speaker 2: Otherwise I would have
expected to be like the string A or
something to grab that property.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: So
if I wanted to use that structured object,
I would just give it a name.
Then I could use it for
whatever I needed it for.
>> Kyle Simpson: You mean you wanted to
capture the object and also the structure.
>> Speaker 2: Let's say,
I want to do structure the return
value from foo and then
store that in a variable to use later.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay,
that sentence doesn't make sense.
Once it's destructured
it's no longer an object.
It's a bunch of individual assignments.
You could capture the actual object
that came back from foo [COUGH] and
then also destructure it, but
you can't do it the other way around.
So if you wanted to do the form
of those which is to capture
a reference to it you could
have an obj somewhere and
you could say,
>> Kyle Simpson: So
now obj is gonna be made
a reference to the object and
then the object reference comes back and
gets destructured.
So now we have both the object and
the destructuring assignments from it.
>> Speaker 2: Is this similar
to the array destructuring where
you could technically switch those?
Like does the object destructuring
also return the whole object?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes, they
do.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Kyle Simpson: What's also true
is that if you switched them, your var
is gonna apply to the first one and
not the second one but, yeah.
Destructuring both arrays and
objects always returns the full thing
that's being destructured.
>> Speaker 2: I don't suppose there's
anything built in right now similar to
a rest for the arrays where you could get
all the other properties of the object?
>> Kyle Simpson: That's what we're talking
about When we say there's a stage
two proposal for object spread and
object gather.
This would be where you'd
want an object gather.
But then what does exactly that mean?
There's a lot of weirdness and
specially when we start thinking about
prototype chains and stuff like that.
What if I gather it into
an object that already has a read
only property higher up in.
It's all kinds of craziness about it.
But they're working through that spec
process to figure out whether or
not it's something that can happen.
And I think there's a good
chance it lands at some point.
>> Kyle Simpson: [COUGH] All right,
I'm gonna take up the object one just so
or have a little less noise here but a.